Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go.
Hi everyone, my name is Anmirie Band and
this is the Moneyball morning report for
the Benzinga Pro platform for the
trading day, Tuesday, December the 16th.
As many of you know, [clears throat] I
am in Tokyo. So, I am recording this at
3:26 Tokyo time. That's about 1:26 in
the morning, Eastern time. And so, we
don't have a ton of market data moving
up. But what we do see is continued
selling pressure. Let's take a look
first at the E- Mini S&P. Let's stare
down what's going on from a big picture
perspective. If we just stare at this
4hour chart, we'll notice that our floor
where our put support sits at 6700 was
tested several times in the past
literally from
you know we'd got touches all the way
back into what September and we've been
dancing around that area ever since. Now
that 6700 could easily be tested.
What I expect
is what we have seen in times past and
that is a reversal of formation. And so
that that's really what we're looking
for. That being said, what we see are
lower highs and lower lows while
momentum really sits in the middle of
the range on this 4hour chart. So as we
get back to the 30 minute, what do we
want to stare down? volume very thin
yesterday, very thin compared to Friday
and Thursday and Wednesday waiting on a
jobs report
um that to be released on Tuesday,
December 16th. So, this is telling us
that traders said, "Hey, listen. I'm not
taking a position right now actively.
I'm going to wait until after the news
and then we're going to release um the
hounds as it were into the market." So,
what are we staring down? Lower highs,
lower lows. We could move down into this
gamma line at 6770. That should be
pretty familiar from times past. And
then the put wall at 6700. Now, the
zerodt put support at this time is
sitting at 6,800. I would not be
surprised if that rotates down by
tomorrow morning, but it would rate uh
rotate down into the gamma lines below
it. And so that looks like that 6775ish
area for us to stare down. We do have
seasonality to watch out for. That is
something to stare down. But until we
make a floor and continue upward, we
just don't have anything that tells us
that upside pressure is on the horizon
right now. Right? We've got ourselves
some pretty solid market dips. And
rotationally, that's really what what's
important for us to look at. Now,
staring this down, what do we have for
tomorrow? We have the zero DTE call wall
and the big call wall up at 7,000. The
one day, the one day max is 6935.
The one day min is
68.28. That we could easily recover
from.
The one thing to remember is the
following. If you're thinking to
yourself, am I looking at a formation I
can trade? The number one thing is to
say, where have the buyers and sellers
been sitting? And you can see them
cluttered in the overnight in this box
right here with the base of 67.80 and
the top at 6795.
So if you say, "Hey, I think we could
bounce here." you would take the trade
right here on the edge and the stop
would just be a couple of points lower.
If you are the trader that says, well,
hey, I want to trade that breakdown. I
have trend and momentum in my favor.
Then you just do a stop a sell stop at
the lower edge at, you know, 67
78, something like that. And you keep
your stop somewhere above these wicks
right here. So that would really be the
way you want to stare it down. Once it
breaches the 6795,
buyers are going to try to battle to the
upside. And we see that happening all
the time, right? Notice yesterday's
price action very sideways,
but they certainly did try to recover.
And so we should expect the same kind of
wash, rinse, repeat. Right? Here's what
we saw. Monday pre-market, Sunday night,
inventory all the way up. What did it
do? Absolutely corrected, tested the
low, tried to hold the upside. Look at
where it came into. Just above that 50%
level, and then rotated all the way back
down. It is what it is, right? And I
would not be surprised if overnight we
had inventory that pushed us lower and
lower and then into the open of the day
we had another reflexive bounce. It just
is what we are doing and we can see that
if we look at the sideways patterns from
you know that 4hour formation it clearly
tells us that we are not in any kind of
trending environment and so that's
really really important. Okay, we could
see a very big move tomorrow with the
jobs number, but it's very likely to
reverse. Whatever it is, it just is what
it is. That's what we're doing right
now. And it could be this awful back and
forth all the way until the end of
December where, you know, Santa might
drop in. All right, let's take a look at
the ENQ.
NQ much sharper decline staring at the
same sort of big wide formation however
right very sideways
we started holding this area
midepptember we're testing it notice it
was very jagged but when it held the
edges it ran for a pretty good clip and
so now we're watching it to see when it
can hold the edges this is a pretty good
spot to say you know if it fails this
area. I'm doing a stop sell so that I
can go short under the zone and then
test the individual spaces. As long as
you've got your support, you're in great
place. But this is clearly bounces or
sell zones, but we're sitting right in a
pocket where a lot of wicks are showing.
So, watch for swift reflexive action if
you short it and then get out because
it's very likely to reverse on you. How
do we know? How do we estimate this sort
of thing? We don't know. We never know
anything about what's going to happen,
but we estimate that by all the
tremendous wicks that we see in the NQ
here. All right. So, big savage down
down moment momentum uh today. And so,
let's let's do this. Let's draw
ourselves
the box of inventory.
Oh, for the love of Pete. Here we go.
Let's try that again.
Where's our inventory? Right about here.
This is a this is a lot of inventory
being collected, right? And then
distributed. So, if we do a Fibonacci on
that and we say, all right, let's let's
just say we choose the bottom to the top
where we headed. We broke through this
zone here because I like to look at
where inventory is absolutely moving. I
will sort of move that up just a bit so
it catches the real edges of everything.
And you can see when it breaks like
that, it meshes a lot better with
everything. And now we're looking at
24,840
or so.
That's a a pretty good spot for traders
to start trying to hold the floor. But
if they bounce and they cannot hold the
ledge, it's going to give us downside
rotation into these bigger numbers.
Here's another Fibonacci that you can
draw. You can take the top of that wave
to the bottom of this wave. And lo and
behold, we're sitting right at that 50%
marker right there. That's pretty
important. If we lose that 50% marker,
there's an easy way to give us the 75
range. Or we can just, you know, measure
it on the Fibonacci if we want. I don't
love that. But we could we could say
um.25
and then
um
75,
right? And you can see where those edges
come in. 75 would be 24,390.
And that's what we're looking at. floor
put support floor 24,000
call resistance ceiling 26,000
zero DTE call wall
25,900
the zero DTE put wall 25,400
so we're caught in this big sloppy space
but what I want you to be careful about
is not hanging on for a trend that you
think oh no this is really going to
fade. I just need to hold on. The market
is not telling us that. It's giving us
big reflexive bounces and motion. And
there's a lot of money to be made there.
If you just pay attention to, well, wait
a second. Where are they accumulating
inventory? And do I look for the drop?
See how nicely this fell apart? Right
here. Right at the opening of tonight's
trading session. It just fell right out.
And now they're building another area of
potential support. But if it falls, it's
going to liquidate again into the next
space below. We just have to say that's
my floor. My stop is tight. I can trade
support to resistance or resistance to
support. And when it breaks, I've got to
get out of the trade because easily, you
know what? It could hammer a hole right
in our head. I mean truly it could
really leave us scades. We want to be
very careful about that. My suspicion is
sharp fades are going to give us a
bullish bounce event. Uh that that's
just my suspicion. But we want to watch
that and we want to make sure that we
stop heading lower. That's how we know
where we're going to go. All right,
let's take a look at Micro Bitcoin. I
was doing a little bit of studying. Um
this afternoon I was on uh Topstep TV
and we were talking about the yen carry
trade and I was doing some analysis on
trend spider using sidekick which is
absolutely incredible. But I want to
show you what sidekick was talking
about. You can pause the um video right
here to read through what's the story
board is for um this unwind that is
coming, right? And so what what this is
telling us is what's going to happen
with this yen carry trade when the when
the Bank of Japan decides it's going to
do what it's going to do with rates. And
my thought initially was, hey, listen,
the carry trade is already baked in.
However, Trendpider, not so much. It
literally broke down what's going on
with the banks, what the moves are
looking like for rallies, historical
unwinds, all that sort of stuff. And it
really took all that data and said,
"Hey, listen. The carry trade is not
unwound, and there's still a lot of
stuff that could unwind." And I found
that to be very very interesting. So
what we want to watch for are things
that happen in the currencies. Now you
might go, "Yeah, well what's that got to
do with anything for us? It could really
give us a jolt in the broad market." And
one of the things that's been popular
with the carry trade is investment in
Bitcoin. And so when the carry trade
begins to unwind,
this is one of the primary spaces that
money starts flowing out of. And I found
that to be quite remarkable. Quite
remarkable. It did not occur to me that
the yen carry could be used in Bitcoin,
but indeed it is and has been. And
that's, you know, party to the unwind
here. So there could be a lot more
unwinding to go in Bitcoin if this
relationship is actually uh highly
correlated. So that being said, what do
we have? Still lower highs, lower lows,
bounces or sell zones. Sunday night, I
took the long trade up into resistance,
got out of the trade, and wouldn't you
know it, it just fell right through the
floorboards, folks. And because we know
now from the data that came from the
sidekick
exploration,
we can see why this is still unwinding.
I just found that to be so remarkable.
So what do we have? We did have our call
resistance
sit up here now at 97. The 0DTE call
wall is still above it at 100. So people
are moving reflexively in here. But as
I've said many times
based on what I understand about
options, the level of uh sophistication
in the Bitcoin option traders is not
nearly as sophisticated as some of our
other equities. So these numbers really
have them on the back foot a lot. So the
zero DTE put support 85,000.
Oh, sorry. The put wall is 85,000. The
zerodt put support is 77,000.
My thought is any big bounce here is
going to fade until we're through the
BOJ announcement. And so tomorrow when I
do this for us, I'll be able to tell us
what the BOJ announcement is.
Yesterday's anchored VWAP 87,500
and the 1-day max up at 88,000. That
would be anywhere between 88,700 and
88,000 would make an absolutely
beautiful short in my mind.
But look at what's happening, right?
Inventory is accumulating. Where is it
accumulating? between 85,280
and 86,660.
And so if you're trying to trade this
pocket, just follow the road signs. Hey,
they're buying around here, they're
selling around there, and don't hang on
for something crazy. Just follow the
road signs, and you can always add to
the position if you are so inclined. All
right, but that's the most
straightforward way to trade these
charts and realize that trend and
momentum here, they're inverse, right?
Trend is down, momentum is up. So,
they're going to try and bounce, but
trend is always master and commander.
All right? So, let the bounce occur
before you decide you're going to short.
And when you see inventory accumulating
at the base, your risk event can be very
very small. And that's the beauty of
trading in these pockets when they start
showing up. Okay. All right. Let's get
let's take a look at silver. Uh super
interesting. As I mentioned,
silver is in a rollover space. I don't
Silver's probably in rollover
specifically into the next contract. But
what I mean by rollover is that it is
fading and likely not to get to a new
high anymore. Now, for some of us, we're
going to be like, "Yeah, whatever,
lady." And that's okay, right? If I knew
exactly what was going to happen every
single time,
probably wouldn't be here, but maybe I
would anyway. I don't know. It depends.
That being said, here's what we're
looking at. This chart has done a pretty
good job of retracing a fair bit of that
initial movement. So, let me um
let me do this
and then
yeah, that's good. Let's see where 75
is. Oh, right about here. Right. So, it
retraced about 75% of the move, but
since it opened in the aftermarket and
the um overnight session, it's now it's
fading down here. So, let's take a look
what else is happening here. If we go
from high to low here,
we're going to see it's battling right
around that 50% range. My thought is
sideways pressure. So, ranges up from
$63.60
down to $6150.
You could trade the bottom or the top,
but getting involved in the middle could
get very, very messy. You can see some
accumulation here. It does look like,
you know, they're trying to build a
pocket right there. So, you could do it
VWAP
anchor VWAP. Also, these two edges tell
you, hey, listen. If I fail this 6286
area, I could easily come in to 6150
6160. Certainly, that's a possibility.
Overall, this is in a very big sideways
formation. So, you want to be extremely
careful. 0DT put support. Again, that's
they're underneath it. They'd want to be
above it to be ideal. That number is 63
deep support. The put wall is is 5727.
Again, I would not be surprised to see
it rotate over. I really would not.
Yeah. And the big coal is still at
$64.75.
Right. Watch out for this one. I don't
think it's going to give you the kinds
of moves that you, you know, love. You
know, the kinds that we love. No, I
don't think so. All right. Here's the
next one. It's just a bit of a pickle,
right? We're taking a look at oil. The
put floor of the put wall is $55.
The call wall is $60. The zero DTE call
wall $57.50.
And the ZDTE put wall is the same as the
big put wall at $55. Price action
continues to fade, right? It's just
really um it's really looking quite
terrible. We are accumulating a little
bit of inventory
between 5630 and $56.80,
but the bounces are sell zones every
single time. So, we really want to watch
out for that. Uh could we have a pretty
big move based on the jobs number?
Maybe. But if it's a big spike up, watch
them sell it down. Right. They're
aggressively holding prices down. And
speaking of holding prices down, take a
look at Nat Gas.
So, a lot of folks are thinking, "Hey,
Net Gas, it's got to lift because, you
know,
it's freezing here in the States." And
listen, it might be what you're
thinking, but
there are shenanigans going on in the
energy space right now, okay? Just
trust me, I've seen these charts a
million times and they are being
aggressively forced down. And so big
selloff here in that gas in the trading
day. Now it's bouncing just a fair bit,
but the bounces are going to be sell
zones. If we go to the 30 minute chart,
we can see
a tremendous amount of activity in the
trading day yesterday. This is much very
outsized volume. Very very outsized
volume both on the downside and on the
upside. Look at all of the pressure
that is being exerted here. and they
still cannot move above old resistance.
That's huge. Now, if they happen to do
tomorrow, if that happens tomorrow in
the trading day, we're going to be
looking at movements above $4.55
and then, you know, maybe we get back to
$4.60. But that's very, very important.
Um, this I Oh, wait. Did this rotate all
the way down to here?
Yikes. Wait a second. Let's see what I'm
looking at.
Sorry.
Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's got it wicked
down. Let me hide this VWAP for just a
hot minute.
Yep. There's the wick all the way down.
Holy smokes. Listen, they're
manipulating price, folks. So, don't
don't fall onto your seasonality stuff
quite yet. Things are things are getting
a little bit crazy. Let's go to gold.
As I mentioned, I believe the gold is in
a very big sideways patch. I expect it
to come all the way back down to 4,200.
Why?
Um, having watched gold for many years,
when it gets to uh a big fat round
number like 4,000 or 3,000, it's going
to move, you know, 10% up and down all
over the place. the width. Um, it just
does it. And so between yesterday's
trading day and the day before, so
Friday and Monday, what we are staring
down is a topping formation that should
send us back into old resistance. And
wouldn't you know, that's exactly what's
happening. So what the traders are going
to try and do because there is this
pervasive idea that gold has got to
continue to rise because the dollar is
going to get um shellaced if uh we
continue to lower interest rates.
I don't quite think it's going to be
that easy to trade, right? There's
always just a little fly in the ointment
that makes this difficult. And so what
we can see is the break of a trend line,
negative rotation,
a fair bit of overnight action, right?
That's a fair bit of overnight action
here in the Asia markets. Um the market
is about to close. It's got about four
minutes to close in in uh Asia trade.
And so they've they've really done a
fair bit here. 1day minimum 4294.
That's the floor so far. The call wall
for the zero DTE 4365.
Resistance for the call wall uh 44
4410 4415 something like that. The ZDT
put support is above the chart and
that's 4350. Traders are want they're
going to want to get above that area. So
once they get to that area, if they lose
it, statistically speaking, it's going
to be another good short, right? The put
wall
below at 4,100 and another high volume
area at about 4,29.
My thought it'll be my thought is that
it's going to sit inside of this range
here between 4,300 and 4376.
But the moment that it fades and fails
the test, right, it's a look below and
go,
that's going to give us an expansion to
the downside that's about 80 points
wide, right? And so if that's 80 points
wide, it's going to bring us down into,
you know, this 4213 area. And that's
where I think it is going to go. That's
my suspicion about that. So how would I
trade it? I'm going to look for the
bounces to sell. Finally, let's take a
look at SPY.
Rotationally,
it's got some downward flow. We are
trying to hold this area at 678, but
it's been hard fought and a lot of
volume getting pushed into these areas
and we're still not able to move above
it. This is a really important thing to
watch. If you see a lot of energy being
exerted for price action to lift and it
doesn't, it's not a good sign. And I'm
seeing a little bit of that. I'm seeing
this very heavy. I mean, they're trying
so hard to lift it off of these edges
and it's not. So, losing 678.
Let's see. That would probably give us
about six points to the downside.
And that would be underneath the put
support. Well, you know, maybe right at
the zero DT put support at 675.
That's the floor of that rotation, I
imagine. But everybody's on pins and
needles about the jobs number tomorrow.
So, be careful.
Watch your formations. Nothing wrong
with taking quick strike trades as long
as you zoom in and you go, "Okay, wait a
second. Everybody's been buying here and
selling up here. So, if they stop doing
that, I know I have a short." It really
is as simple as that because the lines
tell us where they're not allowing
trade. And when they start allowing that
kind of trade, they're going to rotate
down into the next ledges of support.
And we're seeing that. We saw that um
close to the end of the trading day. All
right. Okay, everybody. That's it for
me. I know that's a little bit long, but
I really did want to take a look at Matt
Gas and Silver. Good luck with
everything. No update tomorrow. Um but
we will have an update on uh Thursday
and Friday. Okay, take care everybody.
I'll see you on the streams.